#summary Revision History
#labels Featured

= Revision History =

== 0.7.54 for Sporttracks 3 ==
 * The user can now enter Intensity (Rate of Percieved Exertion) according to the Borg scale, Suunto Training Effect, Sets and Repetitions into Sporttracks and expert them to funbeat. The data is entered in the daily activity view into the ST2funbeat activity detail page. It can be shown in tables within ST and should be possible to see in charts in the Activity Report view as soon as custom data fields are made chartable in ST (should be soon).
 * It is now possible to preview what information will be exported to funbeat in the ST2funbeat activity detail page.
 * Issue 22 is fixed, Average cadence is now exported if available.
 * Issue 23 is fixed, ST2funbeat now adheres to the ST settings regarding stopped time and watch pauses. That affects the total distance and time. It seems that at the moment funbeat overrides the information send by ST2funbeat.

== 0.6.1 for Sporttracks 2.1 ==

 * Issue 21, No pace exported when activity is created with foot pod (no GPS track), is corrected. Now all relevant data tracks are exported when available.
 * Issue 19, ST restart necessary before changed login name or password takes effect, is corrected.
 * Issue 18, Better error message needed when login nane and/or password is missing, has been improved.

== 0.6.0 for ST2 ==

Targets Sporttracks 2.1.
The changes since 0.5 are:
 * Fixed a bug that prevented proper function unless an older version of the plugin had been installed first.
 * Fixed two exceptions that could cause an error message "Object reference not set to an instance of an object". The first one was triggered by not having a HR track and the second one was triggered by watch pauses.
 * HR track is now exported even if no GPS track exists.
 * Manually entered HR values (max, mean) are exported when present.
 * The start time of the activity is now exported to funbeat. Most code was there already but a flag telling funbeat to use the time was not initialised.
 * NaN is now removed from the elevation track during export, allowing funbeat to handle it properly. Was an issue with Garmin 310XT and possibly others./
 * It is now possible to scroll within the plugin settings page. 